​These Terms of Service (“Terms”) will govern your access to the Jobbie Platform, Products or Services. Please read the Terms carefully. These Terms are effective on *Release Date*. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do not register or use the Jobbie Platform. If you have any questions on the Terms, contact us at *svc hotline*



Binding Agreement

Your use of the Jobbie Platform is provided to you is subject to these terms. These Terms are a binding agreement between you and Jobbie. By using any Jobbie services you agree to accept and/or to be bound by these terms. You agree to use Jobbie at your own risk. 

Any conflict of agreement between the terms and contract you have with Jobbie, these Terms will take Precedent. 

Jobbie retains the right to update the terms at any time for legal or regulatory reasons to allow the proper operation of the Jobbie Website. Changes of the Terms will be notified to you via the e-mail address provided by you during the registration or a suitable announcement on the Jobbie 

Platform. The changes will apply to the use of the Jobbie Platform after we have given you notice. If you do not agree to the new terms, you should not continue to use the Jobbie Platform. When you use the Jobbie Platform after the new Terms come into effect, your use of the Jobbie Platform indicates your agreement to be bound by the new Terms.

Definitions

“Advertiser” means a person or entity that is contracting to post advertisements on any of the Jobbie Website.

“Design” includes the color combinations and the page layout of the Jobbie Website.

“Employer” or “Employers” means a person or entity that is accessing a Jobbie Website to post a job or utilizing the Jobbie Services for any reason related to the purpose of seeking candidates for employment.

“Employer Materials” includes any brochures, emails, job postings, web site content, career fair material, audio, videos, photographs, logos, trademarks, service marks, domain names, documents or other materials provided by Employer, if any, for use in connection with the Jobbie Services.

“Graphics” includes all logos, button icons, and other graphical elements on the Jobbie Website, with the exception of paid advertising banners.

“Candidate” or “Candidates” means a User who is accessing a Jobbie Website to search for a job or in any other capacity except as an Employer.

“Company Profiles” means profile created by Employers.

“Jobbie” means Jobbie Pte Ltd or the company operating the Jobbie Website for the country in which you live or in which business is headquartered.

“Jobbie Content” includes all Text, Graphics, Design, Programming, information, images, video, audio files, software and other contents used on the Jobbie Website.

“Jobbie Database” or “Jobbie Databases” includes all job advertisement posted on Jobbie Websites and/or all candidates and/or employers’ information registered with Jobbie.

“Jobbie Profile” or “Jobbie Profiles” means the profile created by Candidates that may include personal information, resume and photo.

“Jobbie Resume Database” or “Resume Database” means the candidates Jobbie Profiles and resume created and/or uploaded into Jobbie databases.

“Jobbie Services” means any services provided by Jobbie or its agents including:-

the provision of online job site, including posting and searching for employment opportunities, and creating Jobbie Profiles and Company Profiles which may include personal information;

the provision of talent sourcing services;

the provision of online resume search access;

matching of job specifications with potential candidate Jobbie Profiles and advising Users and/or Candidates of the positions available;

providing Advertisers and/or Employers with other ancillary talent sourcing and advertising services including banners, electronic direct mail system, design and posting support services; and

providing Advertisers and/or Employers services to advertise on Jobbie Website.

“Jobbie Website” means any website under Jobbie’s control, including:

https://www.Jobbiesg.com,

Jobbie Mobile Applications.

“Profiles” means individual profiles created by Users and/or Candidates or company profiles created by Employers.

“Programming” includes both client-side code (HTML, JavaScript, etc.) and server-side code (Active Server Pages, VBScript, databases, etc.) used on the Jobbie Website.

“Text” includes all text on every page of the Jobbie Website, whether editorial, navigational, or instructional.

“User” refers to any individual or entity that uses any aspect of the Jobbie Website and/or Jobbie Services.

“User Content” means all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, advertisements, messages or other materials submitted, posted or displayed by Users on or through Jobbie Website.

“You” or “you” means the person who (or the entity on behalf of whom you are acting) that is agreeing to these Terms.

Registration

To register on the Jobbie Website you must be 16 years of age or above on the year of registration. 

You must ensure that the details provided by you on registration or at any time are correct and complete.

You must inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering by updating your personal details in order that we can communicate with you effectively.

Password and security

When you register to use the Jobbie Website you will be asked to create a password. In order to prevent fraud, you must keep this password confidential and must not disclose it or share it with anyone. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password you should notify us by contacting us here immediately.

If Jobbie has reason to believe that there is likely to be a breach of security or misuse of the Jobbie Website, we may require you to change your password or we may suspend your account.

As a result of your loss of your Password or the misuse of the Jobbie Website:

all losses or damage incurred thereby shall be borne by you; and

you shall fully indemnify Jobbie should Jobbie suffer any loss or damage.

Intellectual Property

Jobbie Website, Jobbie Content, and all right, title and interest in and to Jobbie Website and Jobbie Content are the exclusive property of Jobbie or its licensors.

Jobbie Website and Jobbie Content are protected by copyright, trade mark, database right and other intellectual property rights.

You may retrieve and display Jobbie. Content of the Jobbie Website on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or Jobbie Content on the Jobbie Website without written permission from Jobbie.

Availability of the Jobbie Website

Although we aim to offer you the best service possible, we make no promise that the services at the Jobbie Website will meet your requirements.

We cannot guarantee that the Jobbie Website will be fault-free, error-free, or that Jobbie Website and servers are free of viruses or other harmful mechanisms. If a fault occurs with the Jobbie Website you should report it here and we will attempt to correct the fault as soon as we can.

Your access to the Jobbie Website may be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new content, facilities or services. We will attempt to restore access and/or service as soon as we reasonably can.

Your use of the Jobbie Website

Jobbie hereby grants you a limited, terminable, non-exclusive right to access and use Jobbie Website only for your personal use and/or employment purposes.

You may not use the Jobbie Website for any of the following purposes:-

disseminating any unlawful, harassing, libelous, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, or otherwise objectionable material or otherwise breaching any laws;

aggregating, copying or duplicating in any manner any of the Jobbie Content or information available from any Jobbie Website, including expired job postings;

reproducing any of the Jobbie Content for general use;

link to any Jobbie Content or information available from any Jobbie Website;

transmitting material that encourages conduct that constitutes a criminal offence, or otherwise breaches any applicable laws, regulations or code of practice;

interfering with any other person’s use or enjoyment of the Jobbie Website; or

making, transmitting or storing electronic copies of materials protected by copyright without the permission of the owner.

You agree not to resell or assign your rights or obligations under these Terms. You also agree not to make any unauthorized commercial use of any Jobbie Website.

Your use of the Jobbie Services

The Jobbie Services may be used only by:

individuals seeking employment, and career and career-related information, such as education and voluntary services;

Employers or their agents seeking candidates for employment purposes; and

Advertisers.

Your use of the Jobbie Services is also subject to any other contracts you may have with Jobbie. In the case of any conflict between these Terms and any contract you have with Jobbie, these Terms will prevail.

All Users agree to not:-

transmit, post, distribute, store or destroy material, including without limitation Jobbie Content, in violation of any applicable law or regulation, including but not limited to laws or regulations governing the collection, processing, or transfer of personal information, or in breach of Jobbie’s Privacy Policy;

violate or attempt to violate the security of any Jobbie Website;

reverse engineer or decompile any parts of any Jobbie Website;

aggregate, copy or duplicate in any matter any of the Jobbie Content or information available from any Jobbie Website, including expired job postings, other than as permitted by these Terms;

post any content or material that facilitates, promotes or endorses scams, false or misleading information or illegal activities, OR endorses or provides instructional information about illegal activities or other activities prohibited by these Terms, such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone’s privacy, providing or creating computer viruses or pirating media, OR promotes or endorses any political views;

post any profile, resume or apply for any job on behalf of another party;

share with a third party any login credentials to any Jobbie Website;

access data not intended for you or logging into a server or account which you are not authorized to access;

post or submit to any Jobbie Website any inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, false, not up to date biographical information or information which is not your own;

post content that contains restricted or password-only access pages, or hidden pages or images;

solicit passwords or personally identifiable information from other Users;

delete or alter any material posted by any other person or entity;

harass, incite harassment or advocate harassment of any group, company or individual;

send unsolicited mail or email, make unsolicited phone calls or send unsolicited faxes promoting and/or advertising products or services to any User, or contact any users that have specifically requested not to be contacted by you;

attempt to interfere with service to any User, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to any Jobbie Website, overloading, “flooding”, “spamming”, “mailbombing”, or “crashing”.

use the Jobbie Services for any unlawful purpose or illegal activity, or post or submit any content, profile,  resume, or job posting that is defamatory, libelous, implicitly or explicitly offensive, vulgar, obscene, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, racist, discriminatory, of a menacing character or likely to cause annoyance, inconvenience, embarrassment, anxiety or could cause harassment to any person or include any links to pornographic, indecent or sexually explicit material of any kind, as determined by Jobbie’s discretion; or

post any profile or resume which is not a genuine profile or resume and which attempts to advertise or promote products or services.

Violations of network security may result in civil and/or criminal liability. Jobbie will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting Users who are involved in such violations.

Additional Terms applicable to Employers

Jobbie hereby grants you a limited, terminable, non-exclusive right to access and use Jobbie Website for your internal business use seeking candidates for employment. This authorizes you to view and download a single copy of Jobbie Content or materials on Jobbie Website solely for your use directly related to searching for and recruiting Candidates.

Jobbie also grants you a limited, terminable, non-exclusive right to use Jobbie Services for your internal use only.

You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Employer account, Company Profiles and passwords, as applicable.

You may not share your password or other account access information with any other party, temporarily or permanently, and you shall be strictly liable and/or responsible for all uses of your Jobbie Website registrations and passwords, whether or not authorized by you.

You agree to immediately notify Jobbie of any unauthorized use of your employer account, Company Profiles or passwords.

Employer represents, warrants and covenants that any Employer Materials provided by Employer for use in connection with Jobbie Services will not violate any laws or regulations or third-party proprietary rights, including, without limitation, copyright, trade mark, obscenity, rights or publicity or privacy, and defamation laws.

Employers acknowledge and agree that it shall disregard any personal data received from the Candidate which are irrelevant to obtaining and assessing the suitability of candidates.

Employers are solely responsible for the Employer Materials on Jobbie Website. Jobbie is not to be considered to be an employer with respect to your use of any Jobbie Website and Jobbie shall not be responsible for any employment decisions, for whatever reasons, made by any entity posting jobs on any Jobbie Website.

Employer Materials may not contain:-

misleading, unreadable, or “hidden” keywords, repeated keywords or keywords that are irrelevant to the job opportunity being presented;

names, logos or trademarks of unaffiliated companies;

inaccurate, false, or misleading information; and

material or links to material that is discriminatory, sexually explicit, obscene, libelous, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, or hateful, or solicits personal information from anyone under 18.

You may not use your Employer Materials to:-

post jobs in a manner that does not comply with applicable local, national laws, including but not limited to laws relating to labor and employment, equal employment opportunity and employment eligibility requirements, data privacy, data access and use, and intellectual property;

sell, promote or advertise products or services;

post any franchise, pyramid scheme, distributorship, or multi-level marketing opportunity;

advertise home-based and/or internet-based employment. (e.g. work at home jobs, part time jobs, freelance typist or job/business offers with similar operating mechanism);

promote any opportunity that does not represent bona fide employment; and

advertise sexual services or seek employees for jobs of a sexual nature.

Jobbie does not encourage any Employer Materials on Jobbie Website that request Candidates to pay deposits, placement fees, processing fees or any other similar fees, directly or indirectly, and/or require Candidates to make purchases.

Jobbie does not allow job advertisements that advertise more than 1 job position in each job posting.

Jobbie is under no obligation to monitor the Employer Materials on Jobbie Website, but Jobbie may monitor the Employer Materials at random.

Jobbie reserves the right to remove any Employer Materials or content from any Jobbie Website, which in the reasonable exercise of Jobbie’s discretion, does not comply with this Section, or if any content is posted that Jobbie believes is not in the best interest of Jobbie.

Reposting of the same position is allowed 14 days after the job posting date to minimize resending to same users in a short time period and duplication of job advertisements on Jobbie Websites.

If any time during your use of the Jobbie Services, you made a misrepresentation of fact to Jobbie or otherwise misled Jobbie in regards to the nature of your business activities or breach of the Terms herein, Jobbie may terminate your use of the Jobbie Services and in such event, any payment made by you shall be forfeited.

Jobbie will charge a 4% per month late fee of the current month bill if you pay later than the cut-off date stated in the invoice. Jobbie is not responsible for any undesirable outcomes (ratings, comments and actions) made against the company and will not take any action against the candidates/users involved if late payment is involved.

Non-Payment of services will be reported to the relevant authorities.

Non-Payment will result in locking of your account and to be placed under investigation.

Non-Payment will be defined on the Service agreement signed by both you and Jobbie.

You understand and acknowledge that if you cancel your Employer account or your Employer account is terminated, all your account information from Jobbie, including saved Jobbie Profiles and resumes, network contacts, and email mailing lists, will be marked as deleted in and may be deleted from Jobbie Databases. Information may continue to be available for some period of time because of delays in propagating such deletion through Jobbie’s web servers.

Additional Terms applicable to Candidates

Jobbie hereby grants you a limited, terminable, non-exclusive right to access and use Jobbie Website only for your personal use seeking employment opportunities for yourself. This authorizes you to view and download a single copy of the Jobbie Content or material on Jobbie Website solely for your personal, non-commercial use.

When you register with any Jobbie Website, you will be asked to create an account and provide Jobbie with certain information including a valid email address.

Any Jobbie Profile you submit must be accurate, complete, up to date and not misleading. The Jobbie Profile requires standard fields to be completed by you. You may not impersonate another person, living or dead.

You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the form, content and accuracy of any Jobbie Profile and resume or material contained therein placed by you on the Jobbie Website.

You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for any consequences arising from such posting.

You may not replicate a QR code generated by an Employer during Attendance Taking. This includes taking pictures, screenshotting with your device, or downloading the QR code generated from Jobbie.

Jobbie reserves the right to offer third party services and products to you based on the preferences that you identify in your registration and at any time thereafter or you have agreed to receive, such offers may be made by Jobbie or by third parties.

Please see Jobbie’s Privacy Policy, for further details regarding your information. Please note, as set forth in the Jobbie’s Privacy Policy, that Jobbie may collect certain User information and may contact Users periodically in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy. In addition, Jobbie reserves the right to comply, in its sole discretion, with legal requirements, requests from law enforcement agencies or requests from government entities, even to the extent that such compliance may require disclosure of certain User information. In addition, third parties may retain cached copies of User information.

You understand and acknowledge that all information provided by you, your Jobbie Profile, resume, and/or account information shall be disclosed to prospective Employers.

Jobbie shall not be liable for any late payment or Non-Payment made by the Employer. Any late payment from the Employer will result in delay of payment. Candidates will be notified on their registered if this were to happen within 2 working days of late payment.

You understand and acknowledge that you have no ownership rights in your account and that if you cancel your Jobbie account or your Jobbie Account is terminated, all your account information from Jobbie, including Jobbie Profile, resumes, cover letters, saved jobs, will be marked as deleted in and may be deleted from Jobbie Databases and will be removed from any public area of the Jobbie Website. Information may continue to be available for some period of time because of delays in propagating such deletion through Jobbie’s web servers. In addition, third parties may retain saved copies of your information.

Jobbie reserves the right to delete your account and all of your information after a significant duration of inactivity.

User Content and submissions

You understand that all User Content is the sole responsibility of the person from which such User Content originated.

You understand and acknowledge that all information provided by you, your Jobbie Profile, resume, and/or account information shall be stored in Jobbie Databases and/or Jobbie Resume Databases.

You understand, acknowledge and consent that all information provided by you, your Jobbie Profile, resume, and/or account information may be transferred to countries outside of your location for the purposes of storing and/or processing. Please see Jobbie’s Privacy Policy, for further details.

By submitting, posting or displaying User Content on or through Jobbie Website, you grant Jobbie, subject to your privacy setting, a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to reproduce, adapt, distribute and publish such User Content through Jobbie Website. Jobbie will discontinue this licensed use within a commercially reasonable period after such User Content is removed from Jobbie Website. Jobbie reserves the right to refuse to accept, post, display or transmit any User Content in its sole discretion.

If you post User Content in any public area of any Jobbie Website, you also permit any User to access, view, store and reproduce such User Content for personal use.

Jobbie may review and remove any User Content that, in its sole judgment, violates these Terms, violates applicable laws, rules or regulations, is abusive, disruptive, offensive or illegal, or violates the rights of, or harms or threatens the safety of, Users of any Jobbie Website. Jobbie reserves the right to expel Users and prevent their further access to the Jobbie Website and/or use of Jobbie Services for violating the Terms or applicable laws, rules or regulations. Jobbie may take any action with respect to User Content that it deems necessary or appropriate in its sole discretion if it believes that such User Content could create liability for Jobbie, damage Jobbie’s brand or public image, or cause Jobbie to lose Users.

Jobbie does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of User Content, derivative works from User Content, or any other communications posted by Users nor does Jobbie endorse any opinions expressed by Users. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other Users will be at your own risk.

Payment of fees

All amounts owed to Jobbie must be paid within the specified payment terms from the date of the invoice.

Jobbie may charge interest at 8% per annum on any late payment.

Advertisers shall be liable for full payment of fees from the commencement of the contracts and/or sales orders. Payment must be made notwithstanding any errors or omissions in the advertisements.

All prices quoted are exclusive of any applicable taxes unless specifically noted otherwise.

Jobbie’s right to suspend or cancel your registration

We may suspend or cancel your registration immediately at our reasonable discretion or if you breach any of your obligations under these Terms.

You can cancel your registration at any time by informing us in writing here. If you do so, you must stop using the Jobbie Website.

The suspension or cancellation of your registration and your right to use the Jobbie Website shall not affect either party’s statutory rights or liabilities.

Term and Termination

These Terms will remain in full force and effect while you are a user of any Jobbie Website.

Jobbie reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to pursue all of its legal remedies, including but not limited to removal of your User Content from the Jobbie Website and immediate termination of your registration with or ability to access the Jobbie Website and/or any other services provided to you by Jobbie, upon any breach by you of these Terms or if Jobbie is unable to verify or authenticate any information you submit to a Jobbie Website registration.

Even after you are no longer a User of the Jobbie Website, certain provisions of these Terms will remain in effect, including Sections 5, 13, 15, 16, 17 and 20, inclusive.

Jobbie’s liability

Jobbie Website and Jobbie Services act as, among other things, venues for:-

Employers or their agents to post job opportunities and search for and evaluate job candidates;

candidates to post Jobbie Profiles and resumes and search for and evaluate job opportunities; and

Advertisers to post their advertisements.

Jobbie does not screen or censor the listings, including Jobbie Profiles offered. Jobbie is not involved in the actual transaction between employers and candidates. As a result, Jobbie is not responsible for User Content, the quality, safety or legality of the jobs or Jobbie or resumes posted, the truth or accuracy of the listings, the ability of employers to offer job opportunities to candidates or the ability of candidates to fill job openings and Jobbie makes no representations about any jobs, Jobbie Profiles, resumes or User Content on the Jobbie Website.

Jobbie reserves the right in its sole discretion to remove any User Content including but not limited to Jobbie Profiles, Company Profiles, Employer Materials, or other material from the Jobbie Website from time to time. When Jobbie exercises this discretion and there is a breach of these Terms by the User, any payment made by the User will be forfeited.

The Jobbie Website also provides content from other internet sites or resources and while Jobbie tries to ensure that material included on the Jobbie Website is correct, reputable and of high quality, it does not make any warranties or guarantees in relation to that content. If Jobbie is informed of any inaccuracies in the material on the Jobbie Website we will attempt to correct the inaccuracies as soon as we reasonably can.

Note that there are risks, including but not limited to the risk of physical harm, of dealing with strangers, underage persons or people acting under false pretenses. You assume all risks associated with dealing with other users with whom you come in contact through the Jobbie Website. By its very nature other people’s information may be offensive, harmful or inaccurate, and in some cases will be mislabeled or deceptively labeled. We expect that you will use caution and common sense when using the Jobbie Website.

Jobbie Website and Jobbie Content may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Jobbie makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of any Jobbie Website or the Jobbie Content. The use of all Jobbie Website and the Jobbie Content is at your own risk.

Nothing on Jobbie Website shall be considered an endorsement, representation or warranty with respect to any User or third party, whether in regards to its web sites, products, services, hiring, experience, employment or recruiting practices, or otherwise.

If we are in breach of these Terms, we will only be responsible for any losses that you suffer as a direct result and to the extent that they are a foreseeable consequence to both of us at the time you use the Jobbie Website. Our liability shall not in any event include business losses such as lost data, lost profits or business interruption.

The aggregate liability by Jobbie to you for all claims arising from your use of Jobbie Website and/or Jobbie Services shall be limited to the amount of the existing package fee subscribed to and paid by you and operative at that time, or in the event you are a Candidate, shall be limited to SGD100.

Disclaimers

Jobbie shall not be liable for any loss of information howsoever caused as a result of any interruption, suspension or termination of Jobbie Services or for Jobbie Content, accuracy or quality of information available or transmitted through Jobbie Services.

You acknowledge and agree that it is not Jobbie’s policy to exercise editorial control over and to edit or amend any data or contents of any emails or posting or any information that may be inserted or made available or transmitted to or from a third party in or through Jobbie Website and/or Jobbie Services.

Jobbie shall not be liable for any hurt caused during a candidates job found within Jobbie.

Jobbie shall not be liable for any delay or missed payment from the employer side. 

Jobbie shall not be liable for any leak of personal data that was shared by candidates outside of Jobbie platform to potential employers from Jobbie. (e.g. When a candidate shares his data to an Employer through a third party application outside of Jobbie)

Jobbie shall not be liable for any crime that happens while during a job found within Jobbie



Third Party Website

As a convenience to customers, the Jobbie Website includes links to other web sites or material which are beyond its control. Jobbie is not responsible for content on any site outside the Jobbie Website.

Advertising and Sponsorship Policy

Part of the Jobbie Website may contain advertising and sponsorship. Advertisers and sponsors are responsible for ensuring that material submitted for inclusion on the Jobbie Website complies with relevant laws and codes.

Jobbie reserves the right to refuse to run any advertisements that, in Jobbie sole discretion, are not suitable for publication on any of the Jobbie Website.

Jobbie will not be responsible to you for any error or inaccuracy in advertising and sponsorship material.

Indemnity

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Jobbie, and its affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from:-

any User Content or other material you provide to any Jobbie Website;

Your use of any Jobbie Content; or

Your breach of these Terms.

Jobbie shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit or proceeding.

Refund

Any refund of payment made to Jobbie shall be at the sole discretion of Jobbie.

Applicable Law

These Terms will be subject to the laws of Singapore.

We will try to solve any disagreements quickly and efficiently. If you are not happy with the way we deal with any disagreement and you want to take court proceedings, you must do so within Singapore.

International Use

We make no promise that materials on the Jobbie Website are appropriate or available for use in your location, and accessing the Jobbie Website from territories where its contents are illegal or unlawful is prohibited. If you choose to access this Jobbie Website from your location, you do so on your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.

Miscellaneous

You may not transfer any of your rights under these Terms to any other person. We may transfer our rights under these Terms to another business where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected.

If you breach these Terms and Jobbie chooses to ignore this, Jobbie will still be entitled to use its rights and remedies at a later date or in any other situation where you breach the Terms.

Jobbie shall not be responsible for any breach of these Terms caused by circumstances beyond its reasonable control.

If any of these Terms shall be found by any court or administrative body of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the invalidity or unenforceability of such provision shall not affect the other provisions of these Terms and all provision not affected by such invalidity or unenforceability shall remain in full force and effect.

Jobbie has taken every reasonable steps to complied and will continue to comply with its obligations as a data processor arising from the data protection and privacy laws in force from time to time to the extent that those obligations are relevant to this Agreement. Further, we have taken steps to implement and shall maintain an information security program including reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures designed to secure and protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of all Confidential Information while in such party’s possession against unauthorized, unlawful or accidental access, disclosure, transfer, destruction, loss or alteration. The term Confidential Information will not, however, include any information that identifies or directly relates to natural persons (“Personal Data”). Each party will exercise commercially reasonable efforts not to disclose any Personal Data to the other party and to restrict the other party’s access to its Personal Data, but if a party is given access to the other party’s Personal Data, the receiving party will protect such Personal Data using a reasonable standard of care.

General

The Jobbie Website is owned and operated by Jobbie Pte Ltd.

If you have any queries please contact us here

Notices to Jobbie should be sent to the address listed on Jobbie Website.

We will send notice to you at the address submitted by you or to such other address as Jobbie reasonably determines is an appropriate address for you.
